MISS PRISM
	(MISS PRISM Moves to CHASUBLE)
	I was told you expected me in the vestry, dear Canon. I have been waiting for you there for an hour and three-quarters.

	(Catches sight of LADY BRACKNELL, who has fixed her with a stony glare. MISS PRISM grows pale and quails. She looks anxiously around as if desirous to 
	escape.)

LADY BRACKNELL
	(In a severe, judicial voice.)
	Prism!

	(MISS PRISM bows her head in shame.)
	Come here, Prism!

	(MISS PRISM approaches LADY BRACKNELL in a humble manner.)
	Prism! Where is that baby?

	(General consternation. The CANON starts back in horror. ALGERNON and JACK pretend to be anxious to shield CECILY and GWENDOLEN from hearing the 
	details of a terrible public scandal.) 
	Twenty-eight years ago, Prism, you left Lord Bracknell's house, Number 104, Upper Grosvenor Street, in charge of a perambulator that contained a baby of 
	the male sex. You never returned. A few weeks later, through the elaborate investigations of the Metropolitan police, the perambulator was discovered at 
	midnight, standing by itself in a remote corner of Bayswater. It contained the manuscript of a three-volume novel of more than usually revolting 
	sentimentality.

	(MISS PRISM starts in involuntary indignation.) 
	But the baby was not there!

	(Every one looks at MISS PRISM.)
	Prism! Where is that baby?

	(A pause.)

MISS PRISM
	Lady Bracknell, I admit with shame that I do not know. I only wish I did. The plain facts of the case are these. On the morning of the day you mention, 
	a day that is for ever branded on my memory, I prepared as usual to take the baby out in its perambulator. I had also with me a somewhat old, but 
	capacious hand-bag in which I had intended to place the manuscript of a work of fiction that I had written during my few unoccupied hours. In a moment of 
	mental abstraction, for which I never can forgive myself, I deposited the manuscript in the basinette, and placed the baby in the hand-bag.

JACK
	(Who has been listening attentively.)
	But where did you deposit the hand-bag?

MISS PRISM
	Do not ask me, Mr. Worthing.

JACK
	Miss Prism, this is a matter of no small importance to me. I insist on knowing where you deposited the hand-bag that contained that infant.

MISS PRISM
	I left it in the cloak-room of one of the larger railway stations in London.

JACK
	What railway station?

MISS PRISM
	(Quite crushed.)
	Victoria. The Brighton line.

	(Sinks into a chair.)

JACK
	I must retire to my room for a moment. Gwendolen, wait here for me.

GWENDOLEN
	If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.

	(Exit JACK in great excitement.)

MISS PRISM
	(Points to the book, then picks up the book.)
	I am going to read that book.
